
          
1.	After Filling in all the details, click on Create Storage and wait for some time 
2.	Now you have yor Bash terminal running. please ignore the warning message.
 
1.	Now for creating a web app in Azure,first you have to create an app service plan. use the below command to create App Service Plan.
az appservice plan create --name <App service plan name> --resource-group <resource group name> --is-linux
 
1.	 Now use the below command to create a web app in azure.
az webapp create --resource-group <resource group name> --plan <App service plan name> --name <web app name> --deployment-container-image-name nginx
 
1.	 After executing the commands wait for some time until the app service plan and web app is created.
Task 3: Get the Deployed App URL
1.	Click on App services in the left-hand panel of the Azure portal menu.
             
1.	Go to the WebApp that you have created.
            
1.	Now copy the url of your web app and paste it in a new tab. 
            
1.	You will see Welcome to nginx message.
 
 
Task 4: Understanding Charts
1.	Switch back to the OverView Page of Web App Created. If you scroll down, You can see several charts. 
2.	Hit the App URL 4-5 Times to simulate the request-response cycle.
3.	Please wait for 2-5 minutes and refresh the page if the graph does not show the traffic details.
4.	You should be able to see the corresponding telemetry displayed in the charts.
5.	These Charts will provide a clear understanding of traffic you are getting on the New Web App created.
6.	This will include HTTP 5xx, Data In, Data Out, Requests(Number of requests), Response Time.
7.	Understanding Charts
•	HTTP 5xx Chart: HTTP 5xx responses indicate the server issues. A sudden spike in the number of 5xx responses can be the result of the following:
•	Deploying new code which contained a bug.
•	Errors returned by upstream services that your application depends on.
•	Your application is overwhelmed by the amount of traffic it is receiving.
•	Issues in the configuration for your app service.
